Add k8s rum (#100)
DataDog/storedog-backend: k8s-manifests/README.md

2. **Deploy the Storedog Application:**

> This command creates a `storedog` namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following command creates a `storedog` namespace.
```

```bash
kubectl create namespace storedog
```

3. **Create Secrets for Datadog RUM:**

> This command creates a Kubernetes secret with your Datadog RUM app id and client token keys:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following command creates a Kubernetes secret with your Datadog RUM app id and client token keys:
```

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Change the namespace from `storedog` if needed.

```bash
kubectl create secret generic datadog-secret \
  --from-literal=dd_application_id=${DD_APPLICATION_ID} \
  --from-literal=dd_client_token=${DD_CLIENT_TOKEN} \
  -n storedog
```

3. **Deploy the Storedog Application:**

> This command deploys all application components into it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following command deploys all application components into it.
```
